July 14 poll drafts (#33)
sky-ecosystem/polls: 2025/2025-07-14-base-spark-liquidity-layer-increase-spark-usdc-morpho-vault-rate-limits.md

parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2025-07-14T16:00:00
end_date: 2025-07-17T16:00:00
---

# Poll: Spark Liquidity Layer Base - Increase Spark USDC Morpho Vault Rate Limits - July 14, 2025

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211%7C0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, July 14 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**

- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to increasing the Spark USDC Morpho vault [rate limits](https://docs.spark.fi/dev/spark-liquidity-layer/spark-alm-controller#rate-limits) on Base as follows:

> - slope: Increase by 50 million from 50 million to **100 million**.
> - maxAmount: Increase by 25 million from 25 million to **50 million**.

Reviewer: 1. parameter names are the wrong way round
2. slope is a rate, it has a time component

```suggestion
- max: Increase by 50 million from 50 million to **100 million**.
- slope: Increase by 25 million per day from 25 million per day to **50 million per day**.
```
